>> Todd Gardner: This is not
a Core Web Vital anymore, but
I wanna talk about it in memorial.
Up until recently,
the third Core Web Vital used to
be the First Input Delay or FID.
And you're gonna still see a lot of
content about this online because this is
a relatively recent change as of 2024.
When the Core Web Vitals
first launched in 2020,
FID was the third one, and
it was retired in 2024 and
replaced with INP because it's a better
measure for user interactivity.
But let's just briefly talk about
the first input delay and what it is.
Essentially, this measured the first INP,
this was measuring the first
time the user interacts.
How long does it take in
order to like measure stuff?
Now, why was that important?
The first input delay was largely
measuring the time right up here,
it was measuring the time at the very
beginning of that page load sequence.
Because the first time the user interacts
is the highest likelihood that stuff was
still working, that JavaScript was still
running, stuff was being compiled,
images were being downloaded, and
the main thread would generally be busy.
And so the first input delay was
trying to measure are you sending
an obnoxious amount of JavaScript and
other resources down to the page, and
is it getting in the way of
the user trying to interact?
Now it was replaced because it generally
didn't measure things super effectively.
It really emphasized that blocking
time over processing time.
And a lot of people have very inefficient
JavaScript that spends a lot of time
processing it, and users will have lots
and lots of interactions on your page.
Hopefully, hopefully, a user stays a long
time and does a lot of good stuff.
And so we want to measure all of them.
A site could still feel slow if the third
or fourth or 100th interaction is
the important one that they click on and
the site feels laggy at that point.
So FID didn't measure those things, and
so that's why it was
retired very recently and
replaced with interaction to next paint is
a better measure for user interactivity.